README.md, before:

# eCommerce-application 🛍️🌐

Welcome to our eCommerce application! This platform replicates real-world shopping experiences in a digital environment 🏪. It's a comprehensive online shopping portal that provides an interactive and seamless experience to users. From product discovery to checkout, the application ensures a smooth journey for the user, enhancing their engagement and boosting their purchasing confidence 🚀.

 ## Our stack:
 - [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
 - [SASS](https://sass-lang.com/)
 - [Commercetools API](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/)


## Requirements:

- Installed `node 18.x` or higher.

## How to Install and Run the Project

-   Clone this repo: `$ git clone https://github.com/DonStacky/ecommerce-application.git`.
-   Go to downloaded folder:  `$ cd ecommerce-application`.
-   Install dependencies:  `$ npm install`.
-   Start server:  `$ npm run start`.
-   Go to this link:  `http://localhost:9000`.

Browse through a vast range of products 📚👗👟, view detailed descriptions, add your favorite items to the basket 🛒, and proceed to checkout 💳.
 

## Scripts:
- `start` Runs local server at port`9000` .
- `build` Compiles source files into a finished bundle in folder `./ecommerce-application/dist`.
- `lint` Runs eslint to check source files with `.ts` extension.
- `lint:fix` Runs eslint to check/automatically fix problems  in source files with `.ts` extension.
- `prettier` Runs prettier to format code.
- `test` Runs prepared tests.
- `prepare` Automatically enables Git hooks.

## Project team:
1. [SpaNb4](https://github.com/SpaNb4) - Mentor of team.
2. [DonStacky](https://github.com/DonStacky) - Participant.
3. [GSerdg](https://github.com/GSerdg) - Participant.
4. [user42022](https://github.com/user42022) - Participant.

Commit message:

docs: create formatting and code quality section

README.md, after:

# eCommerce-application 🛍️🌐

Welcome to our eCommerce application! This platform replicates real-world shopping experiences in a digital environment 🏪. It's a comprehensive online shopping portal that provides an interactive and seamless experience to users. From product discovery to checkout, the application ensures a smooth journey for the user, enhancing their engagement and boosting their purchasing confidence 🚀.

 ## Our stack:
 - [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
 - [SASS](https://sass-lang.com/)
 - [Commercetools API](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/)


## Requirements:

- Installed `node 18.x` or higher.

## Formatting and code quality

To enforce consistent coding styles and to identify potential code issues we use:

- [Eslint](https://eslint.org/)
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/)
- [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/)

## How to Install and Run the Project

-   Clone this repo: `$ git clone https://github.com/DonStacky/ecommerce-application.git`.
-   Go to downloaded folder:  `$ cd ecommerce-application`.
-   Install dependencies:  `$ npm install`.
-   Start server:  `$ npm run start`.
-   Go to this link:  `http://localhost:9000`.

Browse through a vast range of products 📚👗👟, view detailed descriptions, add your favorite items to the basket 🛒, and proceed to checkout 💳.
 

## Scripts:
- `start` Runs local server at port`9000` .
- `build` Compiles source files into a finished bundle in folder `./ecommerce-application/dist`.
- `lint` Runs eslint to check source files with `.ts` extension.
- `lint:fix` Runs eslint to check/automatically fix problems  in source files with `.ts` extension.
- `prettier` Runs prettier to format code.
- `test` Runs prepared tests.
- `prepare` Automatically enables Git hooks.

## Project team:
1. [SpaNb4](https://github.com/SpaNb4) - Mentor of team.
2. [DonStacky](https://github.com/DonStacky) - Participant.
3. [GSerdg](https://github.com/GSerdg) - Participant.
4. [user42022](https://github.com/user42022) - Participant.
